# Learn page

* The index.hbs file contained here is auto-generated. To make changes, do not edit this file directly.
* To add a tutorial:
  * First add the tutorial itself as an hbs file in this folder. Name the file something that makes sense (for example: "how-to-blah.hbs"). Use hyphens to replace spaces.
  * If there are any assets (images, etc) for the tutorial, place them in `src/assets/learn/FILENAME/`. See the other tutorial hbs files to see how to link to these assets.
  * Go to `src/data/learn/` and add an entry into the `learn.json` file. Entries are structured in arrays that represent the different sections of the learn page. The name of the entry should correspond to the filename. (example: "how-to-blah")
  * Next, you will open each of the yml files in `src/data` and add a two entries under the "learn:" heading. The order should correspond to the order in the `learn.json` file.
  * The first entry should be that name you used in the previous step + "title" (example: "how-to-blah-title"). This is where you write the title you want to show up on the page for that tutorial.
  * The second entry should be just the name you used in the previous step (example: "how-to-blah"). This is where you write the description you want to show up on the page for that tutorial.
  * Repeat these steps for each of the yml files in `src/data`. If you don't know the language translation, you can add placeholders in English.
  * Run `npm run watch` to build the site, and you should see the new tutorial added to p5js.org/learn.
  * (Optional) Post on IG and Twitter that the tutorial has been added, tagging the creator if you know it.
* To make changes to the learn page template, you can edit `learn.ejs`.
* Note: Sometimes tutorials are hosted externally and this is fine. Follow the same steps as above, but skip the step of placing an hbs file in the folder. When you add the entry into `learn.json`, you place the link to the external URL instead of the filename.
